doce(plugin): info  are not set (#3534)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/contribute/plugin-patterns.md

You may also feed new file paths into the watch graph to receive compilation triggers when those files change. Simply push valid file paths into the `compilation.fileDependencies` array to add them to the watch. Note: the `fileDependencies` array is rebuilt in each compilation, so your plugin must push its own watched dependencies into each compilation to keep them under watch.

> W> Note that `compilation.fileDependencies`, `compilation.contextDependencies` and `compilation.missingDependencies` are now a `Set` instead of a `Sortable Set` and thus no longer sorted.

Reviewer: Can we get rid of the Note as this is already in a highlight (stylistically)
```suggestion
W> Since webpack 4, `compilation.fileDependencies`, `compilation.contextDependencies` and `compilation.missingDependencies` are now a `Set` instead of a `Sortable Set` and thus no longer sorted.
```

I am not sure if its since webpack 4, from which changelog did you catch this?

Author: The issue was labelled webpack 5

Reviewer: All right, merging when CI passes
